refactor(review): drop deterministic-analysis and autofix steps (#6092)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/users/features/code-review.md

- Pre-existing issues in unchanged code (focus on the diff only)
- Style/formatting/naming that matches your codebase conventions

> - Purely cosmetic formatting a formatter would auto-normalize (substantive lint/type issues are no longer auto-excluded — no deterministic tool runs them)

Author: **[Suggestion]** Changelog-style phrasing in user-facing docs. "no longer auto-excluded" describes a delta from prior behavior rather than stating current state, and "deterministic tool" is internal jargon users won't understand. The SKILL.md equivalent (line 577) states this clearly with concrete examples.

```suggestion
- Purely cosmetic formatting a formatter would auto-normalize. Substantive lint/type issues (unused variables, unreachable code, type errors) are in scope and LLM agents will report them.
```

_— qwen3.7-max via Qwen Code /review_

Author: This is anchored to the pre-`5172f9d8d` line — that changelog-style bullet was already merged away in `5172f9d8d`. The current exclusion (code-review.md line 234) now uses the same decoupled, concrete-example wording as SKILL.md ("Style or formatting a formatter would auto-normalize … but NOT substantive issues a linter or type checker would flag …, which are in scope"), with no "no longer auto-excluded" or "deterministic tool" phrasing. Already addressed. 这条锚定的是 5172f9d8d 之前的旧行;当前 234 已是合并版,无 changelog/deterministic 措辞。
